# Allow gmail/fastmail/github binds
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal j
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal k
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal x
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal o
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal u
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal yc
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal ym
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal yo
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal ys
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal yt
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal yy
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal ]]
unbindurl mail.google.com --mode=normal ]c
seturl mail.google.com leavegithubalone true
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal j
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal k
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal x
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal o
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal u
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal yc
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal ym
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal yo
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal ys
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal yt
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal yy
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal ]]
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal ]c
unbindurl fastmail.com --mode=normal a
seturl fastmail.com leavegithubalone true
unbindurl github.com --mode=normal j
unbindurl github.com --mode=normal k
unbindurl github.com --mode=normal x
unbindurl github.com --mode=normal o
unbindurl github.com --mode=normal u
seturl github.com leavegithubalone true

# Switch direction of tab nav
bind J tabnext
bind K tabprev

# Quickmarks
quickmark r https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/ https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/
quickmark n https://github.com/notifications
quickmark p https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-python
quickmark m https://app.fastmail.com/mail/ https://mail.google.com/mail/u/1/#inbox

# Don't close treestyle tabs with <C-,>
set escapehatchsidebarhack false
